How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helped a lot.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It seems to allow more leeway to make changes freely.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manual control gets you more conscious while working. But it can happen that
    you forget to save files to lose all your work accidentally. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Having all files gives you more control of the project.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I forgot.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Feel good.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Continue Haskell learning.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Greatly.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create 
a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, 
like Google Docs does?

    Pros: Easy to see though the file history.
    Cons: May forget to commit too long.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    여러 파일들의 변경 사항이 서로 영향을 미치는지의 여부와 관계있음.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log : commoit history 보기
    git diff id_1 id_2 : 차이 보기

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

    Would make me pretty confident.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Pythod DP로 knapsack 문제 푸는 알고리즘 구현.

